---
title: "Let's get this show on the road"
description: "Brace yourselves as we embark on a journey filled with insights on how I survive going beyond 40. Or not 😅"
date: 2019-05-06
image: "/images/blog/excited.jpg"
tags: ["galaxy", "excited", "career", "activity", "son", "daughter"]
type: "post"
comments: false
---

Awesome, the first post. The weight of the world is on me while it gets crushed with all sorts of expectations (just kidding, whatever happens, happens 😅). Maybe it's a good idea to start by telling the tale of how this site came to be.

> I became a bit like the galaxy, ever expanding

About a year ago I had an epiphany. My oldest son turned 6, the daughter was steadily on her way towards 4 and I had been working my ass off pursuing a career and making sure I could provide and have a solid foundation to build a future for our little family. Along the course of this, I became a bit like the galaxy, ever expanding. Before turning 30, this was something I never really experienced, mainly due to being a lot more active. A few years later, the activity was reduced to almost zero as I convinced myself there simply was **no time left** between family life and work. But that was me fooling myself.

Two things happened after I came to that realization. One, I decided it was the right time to go down a different path career wise. And two, I set a goal to get back into shape. All of this started 11 months ago. The first part was "easily" achieved, I'm fortunate to work in software development where there's no shortage of interesting opportunities, so I could take a decision based on my learnings from the past years. As for the second part, that **took a few tries**. It's easy to start moving more, be it through running or other interesting means, but it's hard to keep doing this.

Nonetheless, 11 months later, it turned out quite successful. At almost 38 and moving steadily towards 40, I can honestly say I've never felt better, never been this in shape and conscious about my body and mind and **it would be a shame to keep these learnings all to myself**. I'll be sharing what I tried, what worked and didn't work, reviews, thoughts, recipes and all sorts of other stuff that happened to cross my path, so make sure to bookmark the blog (or add the [RSS feed][rss] to your preferred reader), like the Facebook page and stay updated. This blog is meant for all you dads out there trying to break out of the galaxy, together we can redefine the daddy belly and beat the crap out of getting old.

I'm excited. I hope you are too. Let's do this.

[rss]: https://dadafterforty.be/blog/index.xml
